srs --- They're best summarized as bored Gender Studies majors who find Reddit jokes in violation of their superior moral code. They proceed to misuse Reddit voting, gaming the system in to bad outcomes and disproportionately negative replies. Their hotness factor is unknown, however we do not doubt that they know their way around a vag, if you know what we mean.
racist --- Idle thinking here, but there was recently a study showing everyone but africans have Neanderthal DNA... wonder if the key to maintaining empires is hidden in that part of our code? Totally not racist, but the evolutionist in me is intrigued by this.
jailbait --- There is nothing on there that can classify as pornography, and these females are distributing their own pictures willingly. They can reveal as much as they like, minus nudity. There are some very promiscuous pictures, and some that are rather conservative, and simply beautiful.
creep --- Creep shaming is probably one of the most insidious and anti-equality things you can do. The ability to label men as 'creepy' is just one privilege that women enjoy.
pc police --- And this is what I mean when I say political correctness is the enemy of men's rights. Expect further censorship and shaming from the PC police in the future (as we've seen plenty of here in the last few weeks, even from some of our own members).
srs --- /r/shitredditsays - men with a deep fear of women who white knight against their perceived oppressors.
ron paul --- You might not agree with Ron Paul 100%, but he is the only candidate who will bring peace and honesty to the White House.
ephebophile --- I said that I would watch 14-year-olds fuck and the moral majority took me by storm. Maybe instead of blindly downvoting ideas that our society finds disgusting, you could explain to me in what way I was not adding to this discussion.
feminism --- Feminism, at best, focuses on relatively trivial female issues instead of grotesque male issues and at worst is pure man hate.
pedo --- The world can be a large and uncaring place. If a small community board somewhere on the internet allows pedophiles to come together and share with others like them in an open and judgement free environment, then I say let them. They have it hard enough as it is.
women ---  I am female, and I believe that women are innately intellectually and psychologically inferior to males.
gay --- Obviously, I can't be against gay jokes, because I believe in freedom of speech, and that it's not the joke that gives context but the person who tells it.
rape --- The claim that telling a rape joke encourages rape is dubious and some may find that statement itself to be offensive.
rape --- Merely giving someone drugs and having sex with them does not necessarily mean you raped them. If they were intoxicated to the point of passing out then it's obviously rape.
jailbait --- /r/jailbait was removed because of the PC media making filthy accusations of 'child porn', even though only child erotica was present.
feminism --- It is because feminism tears up women's side of the contract and chivalry is not manners, it is a contract.
feminism --- feminism can't survive without chivalry. chivalry IS however, incompatible with equal rights.
feminist --- feminists want the upsides of equality (like voting and income) but not the downsides of equality (like getting drafted or getting into bar fights)
penis --- I grew up in a society that taught me my penis was an evil weapon that could only do harm. Women would suffer it if they really had to, but find no pleasure in penises, because penises are only about violence and hurting women.
mangina --- I'm not the monster society wants me to be. So I'm neither mangina nor beast. I'm something new entirely. With my own set of rules. I'm male. Boo.
sperm --- Until family courts stop treating fathers like cash cows and disposable sperm donors, I will be guarding my seed with my life.
gender-neutral --- Using 'he', 'him', and 'his' when a gender-neutral pronoun or adjective is desired is one way you can fight the demonization of all things male.
evopsych --- I think perfect punctuation makes sense from an evolutionary standpoint - it gives the impression of intelligence.
srs --- The user flair and constantly changing subreddit title are self-evident that it's a troll subreddit.
rape --- I have never been raped, but two people very close to me have been. One of them later talked to me specifically about rape jokes, and how she found the lack of them worrying.
rape --- Our historians use the word rape to mean to utterly destroy... murder, rape, pillage, and then salt the grounds and impale the heads of your enemies, just to show the world how badass you are. Shit like that. So saying 'ugh the opposing team raped us in soccer' isn't trivializing sexual rape, it's just a hyperbole.
rape --- Shit like this is why people are paranoid. The point of the jokes is to make light of something. I’ve been raped, I still make jokes about it regardless. Now all you feminist dipshits need to shut the fuck up because its YOU that don’t know what the fuck you are talking about.
srs --- I still don't understand how shitredditsays is ok, but jailbait gets banned. An entire subreddit dedicated to burying comments and posts.
jews --- It's not simply 'I dislike Jews for being Jewish'. I dislike their policies. They are bad for the US.
ron paul --- The prospect of Ron Paul for president would make me want to come over there and naturalise just so that I could vote for him.
girl --- It's easy to tell a girl you are rich. Just wear branded stuff all the time. They see your brand before they even see your face.
violentacrez --- VA is interesting. I find him fascinating and a wonderful character on reddit in the way I find A Clockwork Orange to be an amazing and repulsive film/book.
rape --- Just because she says that she doesn't want to have sex doesn't mean that she doesn't want to have sex.
violentacrez --- VA has changed me and a lot of us in how we perceive people, sexual 'disorders' and fetishes, and general acceptance and tolerance. I know this isn't enough to 'excuse' what he's 'done' for some people, but on the all I think the scales weigh heavily in his favor as a contributor to reddit.
offensive --- Hence why I told you to get a sense of humour. If you think about, every joke out there will 'offend' someone. The thing to look for behind it all is intent. When something is obviously meant to be a light-heated joke, who cares? If it's formed in a mean-spirited, insulting manner than it's different.
women --- No one should be forced into anything. That's slavery. But for the sake of equality, yes, women should have to.
pua --- The PUA community is not inherently misogynistic. Misogyny is the hatred of women, and I think we can all agree that the last thing the PUA community hates, is women.
ephebophilia --- Puberty is nature's age of consent
mra --- I'm not saying society should be how it was back then, but I really like how it was. Sure, I have to work harder, but I'd have a dedicated wife who makes dinner and is my irl companion cube.
ephebophilia --- I think I should make myself clearer, since the range of puberty is pretty big. It is my opinion that girls and boys should be considered legal when she starts menstruating, and he can have an erection and is able to ejaculate.
women --- Never in my life have I won an argument with a woman using logic
women --- dear nerd princesses, whiners and 'geek' girls: Stop this 'woe-I-am-special-and-persecuted' shit right now
vagina --- Generally its taken as you can tell if a girl is sexually active with more men because of what where the smoother parts of the walls are. Since all men are difference sizes, you can tell that she been with many guys because of how unevenly smooth the walls are based on depth. tl;dr doctors can tell if a girl is a slut or not.
lesbian --- Many so-called lesbians are lesbian due in large part to nurture: anti-male sentiment in our culture, from their mothers, and from the educational system.
daughter --- My biggest fear of having a daughter is that I would be attracted to her.
rape --- [Fact] 40% of all rape accusations are false.
feminist --- To say that feminists should just be ignored is a bit like saying that Islamists should just be ignored (tbh Islamism is probably far worse than feminism, but the difference is one of degree).
feminist --- Feminism is just as violent as Islam, it's just that Feminism uses the state to do it's dirty work so people can't blame it on Feminism directly.
women --- It's almost impossible to find a woman with depth and true insight on intellectual issues.
women --- When I read something that shows true genius and great insight it is always by a man. I can't think of one female intellectual I admire where I could list a hundred males. Maybe I haven't been exposed to enough female intellectuals, but my experience in reading them is almost invariably that I find their thinking mediocre and tired or second-hand.
women --- i was raised to show respect to woman of every race, hold open doors, offer my coat in the rain, protect her from curbside, and even pay for her drinks and diner. its sad to say there are practically no women alive today that deserve this treatment and sadder still, there hasnt been for along time.
women --- I avoid interacting with the few female coworkers I have more than what is absolutely required. You never know when you'll be accused of sexual harassment or even rape.
rape --- The whole idea of rape is anti-male. If a woman dresses like a slut, gets drunk at a party, jumps on a guy and regrets it the next morning, society says the guy raped the girl.
america --- American imperialism died in the Phillipines 100 years ago. Get with the times.
vagina --- Actually, as a guy, I find baby vaginas cute. Not in a sexual way. They look like fat rolls but between the legs. I'm sure a lot of other people think so too but are too afraid to admit.
friendzone --- You are only friend zoned if you keep being her friend after rejection, or she keeps being your friend. Say fuck that and I'd rather not talk to you at all, problemo solvedo
gypsies --- Gypsies are criminals and live like beasts.
slut --- basically the slutwalk is saying, i can do whatever i want, i am not responsible for my actions, the world must conform to me.
racism --- Why is racism a bad thing? I don't see any problem with wanting to be around your own kind. Lots of black people around means more murders, rapes, assaults and robberies etc. Have fun with that.
racism --- You know when most of you stupid nerdy white kids on here are in your 50's, you will look back and realise how stupid you were supporting the invasion of your own lands. You will be the oppressed minority in your own country, your own ancestral land. See what you think about it then.
black --- Im so TIRED of black people getting away with offensive terms. They insult of every race, but cant get insulted themselves? That is a double standard. Also EVERY loving COUNTRY HAS HAD SLAVERY, STOP BITCHING ABOUT YOUR HISTORY.
evopsych --- Looks like most of the girls are postpubescent, and men are biologically hardwired to find the traits of physical maturity desirable. Just because society stigmatizes relations with them doesn't mean men are going to defy millions if years of evolutionary instincts.
evopsych --- If one woman is having sex with all the men, she's monopolizing the gene pool -- she's decreasing the chance of other women having sex with fit men. And these other women want a shot too. So women themselves have evolved to dislike other women having sex with lots of men.
evopsych --- When a sexually promiscuous female has offspring, the male can't be sure that the offspring is his. As a result, males try to distance themselves from sluts in public so that they don't risk having to raise another male's child.
evopsych --- Women are pre-programmed to be more selective on who they mate with so that their offspring has a better chance to survive, while Men are pre-programmed to fuck anything with a heartbeat and a hole.
evopsych --- Most slut shamers are women. They're offering up what they hope is a rare commodity: Sex. In exchange for sex they hope to get lots of things from men. A relationship, stuff, whatever. Sluts, however, just give it away for the fun of it. It's not a tool to them, it's just something fun to do with someone else.
women --- Most slut shamers are women. They're offering up what they hope is a rare commodity: Sex. In exchange for sex they hope to get lots of things from men. A relationship, stuff, whatever. Sluts, however, just give it away for the fun of it. It's not a tool to them, it's just something fun to do with someone else.
srs --- Now that I've seen the revolting orgy of demon horrors that is /r/srs, I now realize that 2x is full of completely sane individuals.
srs --- As far as I can tell, SRS is a group of people with hardline extremist ideology who will brook no compromise. However, they're not as braindead in terms of IQ as they are wisdom and social skills, so they ended up pissed off at the fact the greater Reddit community will not adhere to their insanity and communally decided to troll the shit out of everyone.
rape --- Here's my thought on the matter. Throughout millions of years of evolution, males (in most species) have always fought for the female and competed with other males. The idea of a female raping a male is not so wrong in some people's eyes because she is basically throwing herself at the male. It gives the male that 'alpha male' feeling
rape --- marriage is to men what rape is to women
black --- I'd never discriminate anyone based on what their race is, I would however discriminate against anyone who tried to rob me. Wouldn't you? Or would you happily get robbed by inner city black kids? Maybe you'd avoid the neighborhood too after being robbed? Does that make you racist, or prudent?
women --- Women don't lose anything tangible by having sex with a man who later bails on having a LTR. Men, on the other hand, lose money if they end up paying for a woman's night out and she doesn't reciprocate.
women --- I honestly think that Ayatollah Khomeini was less insane than modern Western Women.
gypsies --- They don't pay any taxes, yet insist on having the best healthcare, and any other benefits they want, by threatening the staff of the hospital with violence. They'll move into any bit of land or lay-by they want, and make shit of it, dumping rubbish, leaving burnt out cars etc. Basically, prime candidates for ethnic cleansing.
srs --- SRS is inhabited by bigoted trolls who think they're smarter and better than everyone else. Thus, it's inevitably a circlejerk of stupidity and lameness. They're bigoted against men and against atheists, for a start. I'm sure there are a lot more prejudices I could find if I cared to spend time there.
srs --- Anyone who is a member of this subreddit needs to reexamine their reasons why. This is the most bigoted subreddit on the whole site. Keep condemning free speech. Stay classy SRS.
srs --- ShitRedditSays - Because someone has to downvote brigade and fling shit at everyone who makes a joke.
srs --- Yeah they are walking hypocrites with no lives. They even disabled the downvote button on their subreddit for fear of ruining their precious karma, but that's easily overridden by disabling custom CSS in your preferences. I never saw a need for custom CSS anyway.
gypsies --- Gypsies: The one case where racism is right
age of consent --- Puberty is nature's age of consent.
vagina --- We men agonize over the possession of what is basically two square inches of real estate. The vagina.
ephebophile --- Wait until you get more facts, then. If he had videos of 17-year-old girls then stand by him and don't let his friendship go. If it was 10-year-olds, then you should probably be stern with him about that kind of stuff.
ron paul --- Ron Paul is amazing, in that I don't know of another politician with his absolute indomitable character. The guy is 110% honest, 110% accountable, says what he means, and lives his life being the change he wants to see.
pedo --- If you wouldn't condemn a man for being attracted to other men, why would you condemn a man for being attracted to kids? It's fucked up by society's standards (I even find it disgusting), but it's a very common thing.
feminist --- I know one feminist, and a week ago, she told me to get something for her and I told her I was busy. She then grabbed me by my shirt and yelled at me for being a pig. She says that's how men deserve to be talked to. Her friends congratulated her. Radical anything is a bit too crazy.
feminism --- Feminism is about ensuring  women aren't treated as less than equal.  Ensuring their advantaged  over men doesn't contradict the ideology.  The 'feminism helps men too' thing is just marketing.  I have never  seen nor heard of any feminist based effort to resolve a male issue.
feminist --- I am all for equal rights, but the dealing with self righteous overly feministic women I find it more funny to abandon logic and just try to piss them of the most.
pua --- I remember hanging out with one PUA who made out with a girl by only barking like a seal and NOT SAYING A SINGLE WORD
pussy --- Pussy is the most expensive thing you'll ever eat.
alpha --- Besides, a real alpha-male says whatever the fuck he wants, and if the girl doesn't like it that's TOO FUCKING BAD
srs --- Can you imagine if there was a group like SRS in the real world, something like Anti-Alcoholics Anonymous, infiltrating private meetings so they can publicly disclose peoples' identities and what they said?
pua --- Many PUA guys will entertain, neg, do kino all the right stuff, but don't close because it is not what they expect and not part of their reality that they project.
pua --- TIL: If you say 'neg her' really fast in a bar people will think you're a racist.
pua --- A neg is when one brings attention to and feigns subtle disappointment over a slight flaw of a desired female to win her attentions through psychological manipulation of her esteem and her subsequent desire for redemption.
pua --- On a side note, approval shares a close link with desire. Women have evolved to subconsciously link the two as a means of quickly determining the quality of a potential mate. The more readily you give a woman your approval, the less she'll think of you.
pua --- your primary girlfriend - best not to lie to her, at least do not tell her you are seeing other women (no girl want to hear this), but do not tell her you two are exclusive either. Keep vague, if she asks, avoid answering. Typically she will stick around 2-3 months with you until she asks the ultimate question: me or them.
vagina --- I'm tired of the internet making me feel worthless just because I was born with a dick and not a vagina.
feminist --- I have actually seen some feminists argue that paternity testing should be illegal as it would hinder women from choosing which men who are used to breed and which men who are deceived to raise.
feminist --- To get anything done with feminists, you have to appeal to their greed and selfishness.
srs --- I think SRS is a place for people on reddit who still don't realize that they're on the Internet.
clip-clop --- I thought this was an important point to make. Is it not harassment of men, when women choose to wear shoes that make that loud CLIP-CLOP sound? Is it not sexual harassment of men, in that women that wear these loud shoes are demanding we pay attention to their audible demand, that we should then look at them sexually? what if we are not receptive? Its not asthough we can look away. Its a loud, relentless demand
misandry --- misandry apparently dont real
sex --- You can have class, or you can have sex, you can't have both... at least not if the sex is done right.
gay --- I'm gay and I don't use this lightly but that shit is insufferably gay and I cringe everytime we bukkake each other over it
bitch --- See, women think that when men say the word 'bitch' we're generalizing. We're really not. We actually are just talking about the 'BITCHES'. Not all women.
tits --- Congrats on the tits
creep --- Just like it's not acceptable to label a woman a slut because you don't like what she's wearing, it's not acceptable to label a man a creep because he exercised free speech in a nonthreatening way.
girl --- Also, you are a girl. Can I see your boobs? :)
creep --- What makes him creepy? The fact that he is a man? Or the fact that maybe, just maybe, our society is so bigoted against men that their very presence in a female dominated area is viewed with suspicion?
female --- Oh you're a female? Gonewild Post.
rape --- drunk people having sex with each other is rape if the female regrets it the next day.
misogyny --- 'Misogyny' is throwing acid in the face of a woman because she dared to talk to a male outside, or torturing women, or otherwise seeking to actively hurt or invalidate women.
illegal --- You know what should be illegal? Breeding without a license.
masturbate --- It's unsanitary to masturbate with vegetables.
marriage --- Marriage has become all about HER. HER fairytale wedding. HER emotional needs. HER money (his salary.) HER kids, which she is guaranteed custody of. HER phat divorce settlement. Hey ladies, it﻿ takes two to tango and men have left the dance floor.
marriage --- Marriage is ALL about money; it's a money grab. Don't do it (unless you live in China). You will lose.
marriage --- The most widely used welfare program in the 'western' world is ball-and-chaining men to women through marriage and divorce. We've even instituted wage garnishment, forced labor, and imprisonment for men who refuse to pay their ex-wife's way through life. It's nothing short of legalized slavery.
marriage ---  'Marital rape' is primarily a false tactic used by women to easily send their husbands to prison, gain custody of their children, or an excuse for when they murder them in cold blood. Furthermore, marriage is a contract where a woman receives money and a man receives sex.
marriage --- You're a woman. There's no risks for you in a marriage.
marriage --- Men face social barriers to having children. Reason 1: being unable to find a woman willing to commit to being a woman for a lifetime marriage.
evolution --- Congrats for being a great example on how through evolution some members of species die out while others thrive. Real shame for your kids though.
minority --- I'm sick and tired of being unfairly measured against other people because they're part of a number of different minorities and genders. Its about time that we actually got around to the whole equality portion of the program and accept that if we're ever going to -be- equal we have to put aside 1000 years of racial, ethnic and gender disparities, and come together as a people.
gun-control --- the problem is if you ban handguns, you will only be banning them from law-abiding citizens. Criminals will do what criminals always do- break the law. They will then own a gun illegally. This creates the situation where the only ones with weapons are the criminals.
drunk --- If a drunk chick you knew asked you to 'stay over' what would you assume she wanted? I know there's a possibility that maybe she just wanted her husband's friend to sleep on their couch but I really doubt it.
jailbait --- Anderson Cooper won.
bitch --- Don't marry a heartless, evil bitch that refuses to help with family expenses and gets her relationship advice from other heartless, evil bitches
bitch --- just wait. date a girl for an extended period of time and choking/slapping the whore/bitch will become as natural as taking a dump
bitch --- you are made of bitch
bitch --- Bitch won't get on my dick, FUCK DAT
bitch --- I give up my seat to a woman if she deserves it. But, as soon as you feel entitled to the seat I say fuck off bitch.
bitch --- this is the way of women, as far as I have experienced in life...Bitch until you get what you want, think of something else you want, and then bitch until you get that, in perpetuity.
women --- Wait until you and your peers hit the 30-40 range and those who will succeed, and those who won't really become apparent. Wives who always thought they'd be farther in life because of their husbands suddenly see whats likely to happen, and this is when otherwise normal, sane, and nice women do a complete 180.
bitch --- 'Be yourself.' The argument girls have when they try to justify being a bitch.
bitch --- She's a bitch. A shallow shallow bitch.
bitch --- It doesn't even have to be a prostitute either. Guys always have to pay for sex one way or another.
sex --- Roses are red, violets are blue. We're having sex cuz I'm stronger than you.
sex --- Does it matter if animals can't consent to sex with humans?
animals --- Does it matter if animals can't consent to sex with humans?
sex --- In exchange for sex women hope to get lots of things from men.
black --- in America, its socially acceptable for black people to make racist remarks in regards to any race.
black --- Yep, that's Haiti for you . . receives billions of dollars in aid a year from white governments but ya, u got it, white man's fault. Save your black power fascism for someone who gives a shit?
haiti --- Yep, that's Haiti for you . . receives billions of dollars in aid a year from white governments but ya, u got it, white man's fault. Save your black power fascism for someone who gives a shit?
black --- yes i absolutely believe that crime rates in large black communities are significantly higher
black --- I asked my black friend to translate it because she comes from the ghetto and i guess is good at translating retard.
animals --- In most cases the animal would probably enjoy fucking. In fact, dogs will mount just about anything, and the same is true for many mammalian males. Females are a little different, but I'm sure some species would be cool with it as long as you weren't too aggressive.
rape --- Sometimes I wonder if 'consent' is an overrated concept.
consent --- Sometimes I wonder if 'consent' is an overrated concept.
black --- loud black girls seem to always think they can do and say whatever they want and never get touched
boobs --- Girls with huge boobs will never know if they're really interesting.
boobs --- Seriously though, who the hell puts there boobs on show and gets offended when people look at them, come on.
boobs --- Dental Hygienists, are you aware of how happy you are making me with your boobs constantly bumping into the side of my face?
girl ---  Go to dinner, chew with you mouth closed, laugh at all her jokes.
boobs --- Would a shopkeep put his best wares(boobs) in the window, then complain when people observe them?
french --- I use french to woo the girlz
girl --- You obviously aren't facebook friends with a hot girl just to look at her pictures. People may find this creepy, but everyone knows they do it.
girl --- A girl who smokes is a guaranteed swallower.
girl --- just wait. date a girl for an extended period of time and choking/slapping the whore/bitch will become as natural as taking a dump
girl --- My opinion? Never rape a girl like that: she would brag to everyone.
girl --- Just joking girl, enjoy your body while it still gets you a free self-esteem boost!
fat --- Fat people aren't people. There, I said it.
fat --- get a fat or ugly person, put peanut butter under their tongue and while they try to lick it off, they're voiced over.
fat --- People are fat because they are just okay with sitting on their asses playing on the internet looking at Lolcats instead of getting on a treadmill.
fat --- If sex is great exercise, then why are there still fat sluts?
sex --- If sex is great exercise, then why are there still fat sluts?
fat --- There are no fat, ugly Studs. There are fat, ugly Sluts.
free market --- Well, in a free market, the losers would actually lose instead of getting bailed out, so the system would control itself and we wouldn't be able to have nearly the degree of corruption we do today.
capitalism --- Capitalism is a wonderful system, though currently the US is not a true capitalist society, so we often mistakenly blame Capitalism in and of itself for problems caused by our government.
free market --- In a totally free market, risky practices would cause businesses to lose money. Banks that gambled would lose. But there would be none of this 'too big to fail' bullshit.
women --- the school system is set up to privilege girls and suppress boys' natural instincts. almost all teachers are now female with the exception of some areas where they have been unable to find sufficient women teachers e.g. advanced mathematics/science.
skyrim --- Sometimes I wish I could just pause time and venture into Skyrim... Kind of like Narnia but less gay.
women --- Unfortunately a lot of women think they can treat men like this with no punishment but if this guy as much as defended himself you know he's have been arrested on the spot.
girl --- Why do girls think that getting a guy's number is such an achievement? Go up to any guy ever and ask for his number. Seriously. Tomorrow. Just try it. Double dare you.
faggot --- he has the supreme right-just like every other man to call a man that was leeching money from a paralyzed kids charity stream the 'f word', an insult just like every other one that pops to mind
faggot --- The type of gays that get offended by the f word, are the gays with no spines
sex --- Women's control over sex is one of the many ways in which men are discriminated against in society at large.
school --- the school system is set up to privilege girls and suppress boys' natural instincts. almost all teachers are now female with the exception of some areas where they have been unable to find sufficient women teachers e.g. advanced mathematics/science.
school --- Chivalry is Dead and womyn killed it. I am not responsible for their safety. I start school soon, and if I see a womyn being attacked (unlikely)I will keep right on walking.
sister --- thats my excuse for hitting my sister lol
sister --- If your little sister yells to get stuff, show her who's boss and put her in her place... controlled violence is sometimes a necessity.
college --- Communications is a major for slutty college broads who want to party. Not to stereotype or anything...
college --- Most girls will be delighted to talk to a guy who has the balls to start a conversation with a cutie. If they aren't delighted, it's no fault of yours. They are 'weird' and not worth your time anyways. Most of the 'game' I run is actually on a college campus that I'm not a student at.
college --- Swedish college girls now twice as slutty as in 2001
college --- I still look down on everyone that doesn't have a college degree. I try not to, but I still do.
silly --- Women are silly like that
women --- Women are silly like that
money --- Times like this I wish I wasn't a woman, but then some bitch would steal all my money.
woman --- Times like this I wish I wasn't a woman, but then some bitch would steal all my money.
socialism --- In socialism, you vote with other people's money.
money --- In socialism, you vote with other people's money.
money --- Don't waste your money on a hooker...it's a lot cheaper to buy rufies
money --- Money is all that matters. I hate women like you.
money --- Child support is a good money maker for the Femmocracy. We truly live in a police state (if you are male).
intellectual --- It's almost impossible to find a woman with depth and true insight on intellectual issues.
intellectual --- This entire conversation has proven once again that a MAN is more intellectual, more sophisticated, and more of an all-around BETTER PERSON than you.
health care --- The USA, 1 year into Ron Paul's presidency, will have universal health care due to 'free market' forces.
market --- The USA, 1 year into Ron Paul's presidency, will have universal health care due to 'free market' forces.
ron paul --- The USA, 1 year into Ron Paul's presidency, will have universal health care due to 'free market' forces.
ron paul --- If Ron Paul becomes President, there will be a real investigation of 911. That will mean the end of Israel, and every Jew in America will be dangling from a lamp post.
jew --- If Ron Paul becomes President, there will be a real investigation of 911. That will mean the end of Israel, and every Jew in America will be dangling from a lamp post.
america --- It is because of the freedom in this country that we can have such a wide spectrum of humanity from the Amish all the way to Hawking and Sagan.
women --- Women are a majority of the world population. So most current societies are Matriarchies, according to the question of who primarily holds power.
woman --- If a woman is dressed like a slut, my question is, how can she not expect him to act when these urges are directly created by her willful visual stimulation?
slut --- If a woman is dressed like a slut, my question is, how can she not expect him to act when these urges are directly created by her willful visual stimulation?
weed --- people that never tried weed have (most likely) never tried questioning anything in life.
female --- Female posters are considered a valued commodity, while male posters are all declared 'losers', 'creeps', 'pervs', 'nerds', 'neck-beards', 'forever alone', etc. Men seem far more welcoming and supporting to women in male dominated fields than women are to men.
female --- I personally love the female body and don't like things that disrupt my view of it
female --- Female Redditors account for about 20% of the site's userbase. Unless you're talking metaphorically, in which case the number is more like 90%.
female --- Knowing the female tendency for rape fantasies (read any romance paperback) I've often wondered if their constant attacks of 'all men are rapists' is projection resulting from their forbidden lusts.
blowjob --- They probably charge $2,000 for a blowjob though.
feminism --- I have no problem with equality, but much of the feminist movement has become blatantly over-run with anti-male psycho bitches.
internet --- ALL GIRLS ON THE INTERNET ARE FATASSES WITH AN ADAM'S APPLE
drunk --- Friendly is not the same as wanting to fuck. Move on if she seems only friendly. Cues: not sitting very close, no touching, unresponsive to your touching, not drunk.
drunk --- I just don't think we can count on women. They have drunk fully of the man-hating poison and their selfishness and emotionalism is ruling their decisions. Women have a genetic imperative to feel special, get resources, and get access to alpha male penises. All three needs are fulfilled by Feminism
women --- I just don't think we can count on women. They have drunk fully of the man-hating poison and their selfishness and emotionalism is ruling their decisions. Women have a genetic imperative to feel special, get resources, and get access to alpha male penises. All three needs are fulfilled by Feminism
feminism --- I just don't think we can count on women. They have drunk fully of the man-hating poison and their selfishness and emotionalism is ruling their decisions. Women have a genetic imperative to feel special, get resources, and get access to alpha male penises. All three needs are fulfilled by Feminism
vagina --- You don't have to be attracted to a wet hole to deposit your semen. Evolution didn't need for a vagina to be attractive.
evolution --- You don't have to be attracted to a wet hole to deposit your semen. Evolution didn't need for a vagina to be attractive.
boobs --- Talking about her boobs != disrespect her as human being.
feminism --- I argue that feminist political correctness is repressive to sexuality. You can't do or say anything provocative or sexual without the possibility of inflicting some form of grievous personal offense.
liberal --- Reality has a well-known liberal bias'.  Staunch Liberals love to say that. But it's bullshit.  Fact is, Liberals have a confirmation bias in places such as this.  Reality has a Libertarian bias: Creatures of all kinds prefer to be free, and practice self-preservation.  Good try, though.
libertarian --- Reality has a Libertarian bias: Creatures of all kinds prefer to be free, and practice self-preservation.  Good try, though, liberals.
breasts --- Men are programmed to fixate on breasts. It's not sexism. Get over it.
islam --- Well I'm of the opinion that some things are inherently bad and Islam is one of them
misogyny --- Not misogyny: Bad taste jokes about rape/abuse/etc. Logic. Counterarguments. Disagreements. Harsh language. Saying cunt. Saying bitch. Calling women names. Being pro-life. Calling every woman who accuses a man of rape a liar.
sex --- Why is the idea that women are giving something to men when they have sex so widespread? Why is it almost always men who propose, men who pay for drinks and dates, men who approach etc? You know it as well as I do that women control sex. I don't understand why you are debating the point.
gender --- Stop being your gender/sexuality/race/etc and start being a person.
female --- YEs, all females, except a few cases with mental issues, are automatically bisexual.
porn --- For years people tried to make the claim that those who listened to death metal music or played violent video games would go out and kill people. I think we've discovered that that isn't true. It's the same type of connection here: that if one looks at child porn then they must molest kids.
srs --- srs trolls are the true bigots, whereas being pro-reality is not bigotry
srs --- Is SRS anything other than knee-jerk reactionism and other blind, misguided, rage?
rape --- If all physical rape is caused by men, then all emotional rape is caused by women. And personally I'd rather take an unwanted dick up the cornhole than have to live with an emotionally abusive cuntbag girl.
women --- It's fun to imagine that women are oppressed. So please don't let reason get in the way of that.
girl --- What does an attractive 19 year old girl need to make 20 grand a month? Oh right, she just needs to get naked. IS THERE NO JUSTICE IN THE WORLD?
srs --- It's like the Westboro Baptist Church, they only keep doing this shit because people give them attention. Except instead of being a group of hateful fucks, they're being a group of overreactionary fucks.
internet --- Tell Professor Loser McQueerface that the internet says he can suck it.
professor --- Tell Professor Loser McQueerface that the internet says he can suck it.
women --- Dear women, if you cheat on us while we are deployed, and get pregnant, we will send your picture to as many of our friends as possible, and post in on the internet.
internet --- Dear women, if you cheat on us while we are deployed, and get pregnant, we will send your picture to as many of our friends as possible, and post in on the internet.
gun --- honestly, anymore I could give a fuck if someone pulled out a gun and blew one of these fuckers heads off.
gun --- Maybe if youre walking to your car at night and 3 black people are approaching, you get your gun ready b/c statistically, you are more likely to be attacked by black people than non blacks. Not being racist, just trying to say the truth that people are afraid to say.
black --- Maybe if youre walking to your car at night and 3 black people are approaching, you get your gun ready b/c statistically, you are more likely to be attacked by black people than non blacks. Not being racist, just trying to say the truth that people are afraid to say.
hymen --- If you were a male, wouldn't you want to choose a female with a hymen rather than a female without? It shows that they are 'fresh' and ready for reproduction, and it would be more likely that she has no male counterpart.
rape --- statistically 9/10 people enjoy gangrape
friend --- The girl probably feels that way but you can be sure as hell that the 'friend' is definitely a guy who would love to get with your gf given the opportunity.
fat --- I hate to say this, but that may be because she's a better choice for reproduction from an evolutionary perspective. We're just apes lady. Metabolic freakiness is a really handy trait to pass on to the ol' progeny.
srs --- SRS' disdain for the traditional American family, is rooted in fear, anger and jealousy.
women --- Quite simply, women have fucking unrealistic expectations about what they 'deserve', even if they are ugly or fat.
gay --- I honestly respect gays, they are quite friendly... But if they try to hit on me, line. fuckin.crossed...
racist --- I'm not a racist man, but each one of these savages and cackling bitches is only working towards more stereotypes of their race, and are just bad people to boot.
racist --- It may be racist, but in this city there is a dangerous demographic responsible for much of the violence.
racist --- in the United States racism is only racist if it's against black people
racist --- Somehow is never occurs to people that using the term white boy in a derogatory sense might be racist.
white --- Somehow is never occurs to people that using the term white boy in a derogatory sense might be racist.
racist --- Everyone's Racist
racist --- I'm Not Racist But...
racist --- I’m culturist. Black American culture sickens me, as it appears to be centered around violence, shirking education and objectifying women.
black --- I’m culturist. Black American culture sickens me, as it appears to be centered around violence, shirking education and objectifying women.
black --- Not trying to be racist (Seriously), but why do black people feel it is acceptable to be extremely loud and rude in a movie theater?
racist --- Not trying to be racist (Seriously), but why do black people feel it is acceptable to be extremely loud and rude in a movie theater?
racist --- ...can we not throw that word around? Goddamn am I sick of the word 'racist'.
fat --- People don't get fat because they're depressed, even if they get depressed because they're fat. They get fat because they won't stop fucking eating.
fat --- If a woman is fat but loves the way she looks and is proud of her appearance, well, she's still fat. If a woman is pretty but thinks she's ugly, well, she's still pretty.
fat --- As a woman, you feel that you should be worshipped for possessing a vagina. but seeing you're so lazy and greedy, you became fat and hideous. therefore no desirable men actually want to go near your rancid pussy.
friend --- A good friend of mine is/was a super feminist. I miss her, but I'm not going to let her feminazi all over my SO and I.
friend --- i know right. i bet he is just in the friend zone with 3 bitches and he is just a jealous asshole
friend --- my friend's old roommate who had like 6 abortions because she didn't believe in contraceptives.
friend --- I agree that women that friend-zone men are kind of bitches
friend --- Judging from my own personal experience as well as yours it seems like guys get 'friend-zoned' because girls don't know what the fuck they want.
slut --- It is far, far easier for women to have sex then men. If a man has had sex with 74 women he has had to convince every single one of those women to have sex with him. If a woman has had sex with 74 men she is easily convinced.
women --- When dealing with women you have to be able to turn this whole 'rational thinking' thing off for a bit.
pussy --- If you own a pussy, you can get a decent man to do anything for you.
kitchen --- If Edward Cullen was a kitchen set it'd make more sense
violence --- I like my beer like i like my violence. Domestic.
beer --- I like my beer like i like my violence. Domestic.
feminism --- It doesn't help that 'gender studies' is effectively a hate movement against men, and that discrimination and hatred of men is the only acceptable and celebrated bigotry left.
women --- I'm okay with a cold body as well.
sex --- to all of you putting the Onus on men as though its their shyness that's the problem. Remember Women control the access and make the decisions and on average are actually having sex more often than the population of males.
sotdan --- Sotdan left me in here with no way to get rid of me
mother --- My mother told me I had to go outside and play, so I went into the backyard, overturned a garbage can, and sat under it, reading.
gay --- I don't hold any animosity toward gays (at least I don't think I do), but it does bother me to see a man acting like a (stereotype of a) woman.
ron paul --- Look, we all know that you hate and fear Ron Paul because as President he could prevent your Filipino wife from grabbing that sweet affirmative action government job you've been counting on. You know, the job you said her skin color would help her to get.
pedo --- If you want to talk about evolution, a true pedophile is more probable to take care, spend time and protect children than a non-pedophile.
evopsych --- If you want to talk about evolution, a true pedophile is more probable to take care, spend time and protect children than a non-pedophile.
mangina --- 'mangina' describes a set of political thoughts and behaviours
ron paul --- He is NEVER WRONG PAUL. Only RIGHT PAUL!
ron paul --- Ron Paul is just almost always right. Like when he predicted: 9/11 in the late 90s; the flaws and pains of the Iraq War in 2002, as well as the flaws in the rationale for it; the housing bubble in 2002 and its collapse in 2007.
srs --- A group of redditors who are still bitter they never got invited to a dance in high school
feminist --- Feminists are insane and that's just life, but the UK is fast becoming THE Feminist State, hence an Insane Feminist Theocracy venerating women and sacrificing men.
cat turds ---  I'm surprised you can type that with your keyboard littered in cat turds.
girl --- lets say I see a cute girl and wanna talk to her; how can I tell if she's on her period?
evopsych --- basically when you are in a relationship you give off subtle signals or pheromones so that girls can pick up on subconsciously and they are attracted to you more. Something with primeval need to find a partner that will protect and take care of them and since they know that you are with someone you now appear to be more acceptable to fit that protection/survival need then when you are single and have no one.
evopsych --- Women - all women - have no choice but to feel attracted to muscular guys. It's a basic fucking deduction you can make after spending 2 seconds thinking about evolution.
women --- Women - all women - have no choice but to feel attracted to muscular guys. It's a basic fucking deduction you can make after spending 2 seconds thinking about evolution.
ron paul --- If Ron Paul where to die due to assassination, I think that it would make him a martyr for freedom.
ron paul --- The work Ron Paul has done for liberty cannot be underestimated, he has been the lone voice of sanity in a crazed establishment for nearly 30 years.
feminism --- And frankly, most feminist writers all through history were so fucking privileged they didn't know how to bake a loaf of bread
ron paul --- Dr.Paul is the only sensible choice. It's either him or another Keynesian, Zionist, war-hungry Fedsucker.
abortion --- Shit, I'm pro-life too. It's not a religion fueled hysteria, I just believe that everyone deserves the right to life.
ron paul --- Ron Paul is the best Republican Primary, but sadly, the media in all of it's 'wisdom' doesn't acknowledge nearly as much as any other candidate running. Sadly, the media is very bias.
ron paul --- Calling Ron Paul a racist is like saying you dont like to jack off, its just not true.
gww --- words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words
stalking --- Stalking is just another way of saying curiously observant
butt --- butt
butt --- butt
gay --- Flamboyant gays make me want to kill myself. Normal gays I can be friends with without a problem.
gay --- Order of annoyance: Fake lisp, attention whoring, extravagant arm flailing
dick --- communications is short hand for 'gonna take a lot of dick, and then marry one of these poor fucks'
rape --- Rape. Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
women --- Women are bitches and hoes, coming from a female.
bitches --- Women are bitches and hoes, coming from a female.
hoes --- Women are bitches and hoes, coming from a female.
female --- Women are bitches and hoes, coming from a female.
sex --- Withholding sex is borderline abusive.
ron paul --- I'm a Canadian and think libertarianism is dangerous utopianism, but I also believe Paul is the necessary choice.
ron paul --- It seems like a vote for Ron Paul is a 'fuck you' to the media.
ron paul --- Take it from me, anti-Paul Liberals and Democrats. You're morons. Douchebags. Imbeciles.brainwashed. I can't believe I've been explaining this shit to you for FOUR fucking years and you partisan shills STILL don't get it. I mean WTF.
ron paul ---  We're in desperate need of a nonviolent revolution in this country, and Ron Paul is spearheading this charge.
srs --- Apparently there's no room for dissent there, just room for pictures of dogs saying GET OUT followed by long diatribes clearly written by soccer moms after getting home from church or something.
jew --- That international jewry runs the world from behind the scenes, and that the west is a jewish banking empire and that NATO is merely the seargent at arms of international jewry and its global economic interests.
women --- Women are worse drivers, primarily because on average they lack the assertiveness needed to drive safely.
culture --- While I believe human beings are born equal, I believe some cultures to be inherently better than others.
fat --- While I believe human beings are born equal, I believe some cultures to be inherently better than others.
fat --- I'm tired of stores no longer carrying anything in size Small. Also, my small tshirt should cost less than the XXL version of the same shirt.
black --- Can't agree more. I'm never offended when somebody calls me 'white'. Why the fuck would I be careful when saying 'black'. Fuck that, I love black girls.
fat --- Fat people and smokers need to pay higher health insurance premiums. Put a price tag on it and obesity rate will go down from the alarming 30%.
women --- I think things like 'Women's History Month' are pointless at best and counterproductive at worst. I'm all for equality, but spending a month talking about our differences is probably not the best way to approach that.
children --- There's nothing wrong with kicking your kid's ass every once in a while. I'm not talking about border line child abuse but a spanking when they are acting like little twats is ok in my book.
children --- i was spanked frequently, and i turned out fuckin' awesome. kids are like dogs; sometimes you have to reenforce the lesson.
girls --- All fat black girls travel around in a pack and are 5x louder than everyone else.
fat --- All fat black girls travel around in a pack and are 5x louder than everyone else.
black --- All fat black girls travel around in a pack and are 5x louder than everyone else.
jew --- With such a huge deficit, we need a Jewish president.
old --- When you hit a certain age, you should have to retake the driving test. Old people are awful drivers.
eugenics --- There should be a skill-testing question to breed.
race --- Profiling works, and proper profiling includes race.
profiling --- Profiling works, and proper profiling includes race.
religion --- Religion is nothing but bullshit.
islam --- islam in itself is a plague to humanity
religion --- Pretty much all religion are plaques to humanity.
black --- I'm black, but I can almost sympathize with white supremacists when I can't enjoy my meal in a restaurant because Shanquishanaynay just haaaaad to scream at the top of her lungs to Jakhasianondreisha about how Quashrankquia's baby daddy went to jail for smoking weed.
black --- I'm black, but I can almost sympathize with white supremacists.
srs --- They're like a 4chan raid with no fixed goal. A bunch of whiny little children who spend far too much time at their computer, so they create some drama to keep them entertained. It reminds me of the people who were in a gang at school. They get bored so they all decide to go and pick on someone for the day, get bored again, and find someone else the next day.
srs --- They're basically a very confused, self-defeating, humourless bunch of hypocritical circle-jerkers, and as their subreddit guildeines even explicitly ban dissent or self-reflection by the SRS community, I don't ever really see it changing into anything worthwhile.
srs --- SRS is the place where all of the sewage from reddit ends up, and attracts people that feed off of that sewage.
mra --- Just keep giving men more of a reason not to get married. If the baby isn't yours, you'll have to choose between being cuckolded into raising a bastard, or giving her your money and your real kids. Just fuck marriage. What sane man would agree to such an arrangement now a days with these risks?
srs --- It's not hard to quantify SRS themselves. They're a small band of loud, moralizing nutjobs trying to hide under the banner of political correctness. SRS simply tries to censor content that is edgy or controversial - as if anything ought to be censored anyway. They should repulse all of us who value free expression online.
mra --- crawl home, vile female supremacist scum.
srs --- I feel like right now /r/SRS are a step away from that angry hate mob who assaulted a paediatrician because they misread his sign.
masculism --- I believe reactionary masculism is a result of a pendantic debate when feminism decided not to rename itself to egalitarianism.
quit --- /quit
pussy --- I guess that's one way of looking at it, but think about it this way: If I bake a pie, and this is a really good pie, and I walk around town just holding the pie, everybody's seeing it and smelling it, getting a good look at the pie....should I get mad if someone eventually asks me if they can have a slice of pie? Eventually someone is even gonna ask,
quit --- /me quits
women --- Women really don't seem to understand this. How can you give my eyes a taste and then not expect me to go for the main course?
internet --- I'm tired of the internet making me feel worthless just because I was born with a dick and not a vagina, it's even making me misogynistic.
internet --- Black people don't know how to use the internet.
black --- Black people don't know how to use the internet.
mexican --- I didn't realize that Mexicans had the internet yet.
internet --- I didn't realize that Mexicans had the internet yet.
internet --- You own a vagina, with all the associated privileges and benefits that go along with it, and trolling an internet forum is all you can do?
vagina --- You own a vagina, with all the associated privileges and benefits that go along with it, and trolling an internet forum is all you can do?
internet --- Seriously, is everyone here new to the internet or something?
internet --- I have to be proper and nice all day long at work and there are consequences for being a dick in real life. I need an outlet somewhere and the internet is a perfect place.
female --- Not attracted to your female friend? She's either ugly or you're gay.
friend --- Not attracted to your female friend? She's either ugly or you're gay.
gay --- Not attracted to your female friend? She's either ugly or you're gay.
black --- Everyone's so scared of being racist that we think it's offensive to call black people black.
racist --- Everyone's so scared of being racist that we think it's offensive to call black people black.
girl --- i would enjoy seeing the girl i'm about to get paid to bang cry because of what she's doing
tits --- I have tits; give me free stuff. -- I have a penis; blame me for everything.
penis --- I have tits; give me free stuff. -- I have a penis; blame me for everything.
girl --- there was once a girl in highschool who faked getting raped in the bathroom for attention because she was a scabby titted birdnest haired bugeyed loser
school --- there was once a girl in highschool who faked getting raped in the bathroom for attention because she was a scabby titted birdnest haired bugeyed loser
old --- Old enough for the fire-house pole old enough for my meat pole.
ron paul --- why do people want ron paul to become president, don't they realize the cia would assassinate him within weeks of his inauguration
ron paul --- i'm surprised ron paul hasn't been kennedy'd yet as it is
black --- I have no problem with black people, but black culture in the United States is rude, violent, sexist and causing black people 10x more problems then their skin color.
racist --- I have no problem with black people, but black culture in the United States is rude, violent, sexist and causing black people 10x more problems then their skin color.
breasts --- Marry the woman with the largest breasts, but then you have to hear her complaining all the time about her bad back.
racism --- Anti-racism is actually racist
racist --- Anti-racism is actually racist
racist --- Some cultures are objectively worse than others.
racism --- Some cultures are objectively worse than others.
culture --- Some cultures are objectively worse than others.
tits --- It's not my fault your tits are so mesmerizing!
feminism --- Feminism - removing women from their pampered place in society and shoving them into the workforce. I am all for it.
racist --- Uh... if 100% of the Mexican kids in the town were stupid, it's not racist, just observant.
mexican --- Uh... if 100% of the Mexican kids in the town were stupid, it's not racist, just observant.
marriage --- Marriage doesn't really serve a purpose anymore in Western society, especially America and its Draconian divorce/custody laws that are nakedly in favor of women, heart and soul.
minorities --- The main reason certain minorities are statistically less successful is that it is looked poorly upon by others in that community to act intelligent and care about education and bettering yourself. Not because other races, popularly white people, are holding them back.
racist --- The main reason certain minorities are statistically less successful is that it is looked poorly upon by others in that community to act intelligent and care about education and bettering yourself. Not because other races, popularly white people, are holding them back.
vagina --- Is it bad that I find the inside of a Vagina ungodly disgusting.
sex --- Withholding sex is borderline abusive.
marriage --- Modern legal marriage is nothing more than a welfare program for women at the expense of men. Anyone who cares to study the issue for even just one day will see this truth.
pussy --- if get(pussy) then fuck(pussy) else kill(pussy)
privilege --- You know, this white people as the privileged class joke is pretty old.
white people --- You know, this white people as the privileged class joke is pretty old.
old --- Most women don't progress past a mental age of 12 years old
school --- that's what i love about these highschool girls. i keep getting older, but they stay the same age.
old --- that's what i love about these highschool girls. i keep getting older, but they stay the same age.
fat --- #We should not be making it easier to be hugely overweight.
female --- Most female insecurities come from other females, not men.
america --- Jewish States of America don't like UN.
america --- we really are controlled by the jews here in america.
racism --- I think we do more harm than good trying to 'combat' racism
america --- b/c jews run america
jews --- b/c jews run america
america --- If there ever was a validation for eugenics and the Idiocracy that America is turning into, Michelle Bachmann is it.
bachman --- If there ever was a validation for eugenics and the Idiocracy that America is turning into, Michelle Bachmann is it.
eugenics --- If there ever was a validation for eugenics and the Idiocracy that America is turning into, Michelle Bachmann is it.
eugenics --- If your heart breaks with every orphan, support eugenics and sterilization
eugenics --- Smart people are just as capable of manual labour, if not moreso, because it'll be easier for them to figure out how to improve the process.
eugenics --- He would be better off campaigning with the rest of us to reinstate positive eugenics along with IQ and literacy testing as a prerequisite for citizenship and civil rights privileges.
internet --- I don't know. Call me immature, but I don't think I'm ever going to get bored of being a dick anonymously. If you're going to go out on a limb and post pictures of yourself on the internet, you're free game. You don't have to put pictures online. It's your choice. And if you are fat or stupid looking, I'm going to call you out for my own enjoyment.
israel --- antisemitism is just a word for desperate israelis
jews --- antisemitism is just a word for desperate israelis
antisemitism --- antisemitism is just a word for desperate israelis
rape --- Find a rich man. Rape him/impregnate yourself with his semen. Sue him for child support. Profit.
rich --- Find a rich man. Rape him/impregnate yourself with his semen. Sue him for child support. Profit.
mra --- Find a rich man. Rape him/impregnate yourself with his semen. Sue him for child support. Profit.
friendzone --- It's not the friendzone until she reported you for rape.
rape --- It's not the friendzone until she reported you for rape.
friendzone --- When a woman treats you like her boyfriend except the only thing missing is sex, it's gets rough after awhile when you have feelings for her.
friendzone --- To be fair when people talk about the 'dreaded friend zone' they mean when you are in love with a girl and the girl knows and yet will use you as a boyfriend except for the romantic/sexual parts.
cis --- I find the term 'cisgender' laughable anyway. It's completely superfluous.
srs --- /r/SRS is a wretched hive of scum and villainy.
racism --- If it's accurate, it is not racism, it's sociology.
racist --- If it's accurate, it is not racism, it's sociology.
sexism --- There wouldn't be so much sexism and misogyny if women stopped calling everyone sexists and misogynists.
misogyny --- There wouldn't be so much sexism and misogyny if women stopped calling everyone sexists and misogynists.
gay --- 'Less gay' kids get bullied less. 'Less slutty' girls get raped less. Should they be able to act and dress however they want?
slut --- 'Less gay' kids get bullied less. 'Less slutty' girls get raped less. Should they be able to act and dress however they want?
rape --- If we consider that the rape WILL happen, then girls could lower their value to the rapist by dressing down a bit. Survival of the fittest, selfish human nature, whatever. Someone else will get raped, and ultimately that is in this person's best interest.
evopsych --- If we consider that the rape WILL happen, then girls could lower their value to the rapist by dressing down a bit. Survival of the fittest, selfish human nature, whatever. Someone else will get raped, and ultimately that is in this person's best interest.
creep --- You realize girls like attention from creepy guys, right?
offensive --- Being offensive is good. If you wanted to be offensive during the time of slavery, all you would have to say is 'Slavery is wrong.'
bitch --- Don't call women bitches. Because bitches are dogs. And dogs are loyal.
rape --- People are conditioned to believe that it's [rape] the worst thing that can happen ever but thats not necessarily the case.
canada --- racism is alive and well in Canada, and the victims are Caucasians. Aboriginals sure love their double standards and free things
prostitution --- Crusaders against prostitution do not care about the safety of women. They only care about maintaining the pussy cartel.
pussy cartel --- Crusaders against prostitution do not care about the safety of women. They only care about maintaining the pussy cartel.
mra --- Crusaders against prostitution do not care about the safety of women. They only care about maintaining the pussy cartel.
girl --- Find a girl who wants nothing to do with you. That night, furiously masterbate thinking of her. The next day, tell her.
weed --- After discovering the truth about weed, I felt like the entire cake was a lie
eugenics --- You know this is a horrible thing to say, but someone needs to say it. Everyone should be fixed, vasectomy or tubal. Only when you earn enough to have it reversed should you be allowed to reproduce.
srs --- I've been a regular redditor for 4 1/2 years, and ShitRedditSays is one of the worst things that's happened to this website.
srs --- It hasn't happened to me in a long time, but I remember viscerally what it feels like to be falsely accused of sexism, racism, homophobia, and so on, from my time when I used to participate in political forums. What they're doing is harassment.
srs --- They're a bunch of easily offended pussies that scour Reddit for jokes they don't like, send a link to their community, and downvote the user to hell.
rape --- 1 in 6 women being raped means it's an unlikely crime.
racism --- It's not racist unless you truly mean it you faggot. It's the thought that counts.
race --- Discrimination based on race = unfunny  Jokes based on racial discrimination = funny
racism --- I believe the true racists are those who get offended by jokes about race. Everyone else is obviously trying to have a simple, good laugh.
america --- If you like democracy, it's in your best interests to welcome US forces.
srs --- There is absolutely a point in time where, had Reddit existed, SRS would consider homosexuals disgusting and immoral.
srs --- It is the most grotesque fucking thing, for me, to see these trolls troll- an inherently unrighteous and evil act- and do it under a flag of righteousness and empathy.
troll --- It is the most grotesque fucking thing, for me, to see these trolls troll- an inherently unrighteous and evil act- and do it under a flag of righteousness and empathy.
srs --- If they disagree with you, no matter how logical your argument, YOU'RE A SEXIST RACIST PATRIARCHAL PIG AND YOU DESERVE TO DIE, SCUM, RIGHT AFTER I GRAPHICALLY DEPICT TORTURING YOU!!!!
feminist --- oh so fighting against the feminist control of the commercial media automatically makes you paranoid? where are all the feminists campaigning against this shit if they really stand for equality? feminists only care about themselves and they think men are the enemy. this thread is proof. you are blind not to see it buddy
srs --- I went on that subreddit for a bit. They're basically the overly offended people who call the FCC when someone curses on T.V.
srs --- SRS is a hate filled, anti-man subreddit, filled with bigoted idiots who think the only type of sexism is against ladies, think that only minorities deserve to be treated humanly, and are against any white male ages 1-120.
srs --- i thought it was going to be like r/bestof, but it turns out it's a lesbian death squadron. it's interesting; they take things that could be horrific if they were said while being totally serious and then grab their pitchforks against that person
srs --- I am not quite sure what there problem is, I was having a legit discussion about something, I don't even remember what, and they banned me from there sub. They seem to hate men, white men in particular, and seeing how many people they have, I have a feeling most of them are actually white kids.. so you can see the self hate involved. I am not really sure beyond that, they just seem so, self loathing.
srs --- srs is a lesbian death squad; drop table quotes
racism --- Racism is just a spcific kind of stereotyping. Stereotyping is a necessity in society to quickly assess threats to property or person.
racism --- When you live your life without race on your mind, you have transcended all of them: racists and non-racists.
racist --- I'm not being racist, I'm being realistic. Comon fucking misconception.
ron paul --- Ron Paul 2012 - Voting for anyone else is a vote for FASCISM.
privilege --- Open your eyes and see that the most privileged people on this earth are white female Americans.
nerd --- The Big Bang Theory is the nerd equivalent of blackface
penis --- guilty because penis
srs --- r/shitredditsays is the SOPA of this website
racism --- You don't understand the difference between legitimate criticism and racism, therefore you can go fuck yourself.
racist --- I was just pointing out to my friend how awesome it is that there's so much white guilt going around that any time a non-minority points out a bullshit thing that minorities are doing they're considered racists.
patriarchy --- I have to say that it is interesting how feminists decry the 'patriarchy' when women vote to expand government more than men do...
social science --- Quite frankly,in any argument I dismiss any mentioned statistical study based on the social sciences... Because not even 1% of them are reliable.
logic --- Logic is not as much a part of the general female condition as it is of the general male condition.
female --- Logic is not as much a part of the general female condition as it is of the general male condition.
libertarian --- Well the ability to have a conversation about politics -- in my opinion -- follows necessarily from being a libertarian, because libertarianism isn't reactionary. It involves many conclusions that are difficult to come to and accept, and which require research, deep thought, et cetera to come to terms with.
libertarian --- The libertarian is consummately aware of the issues upon which he bases his beliefs, whereas the not-libertarians may not be so (not saying that all non-libertarians are incapable of political discourse, just saying that it's a quality which is compatible with their beliefs, whereas it's not with a libertarian's).
racist --- The charges of being condescending or racist are not relevant to the validity of an argument.
libertarian --- Well libertarianism requires a rejection of subjectivity, which -- in accordance with the principles I laid out above -- is more difficult for women as opposed to men.
